The first thing I want you to do is,
hopefully,
you have a primary button
in a default state.
Go ahead and select that entire button and
right click on it and
you'll see this option that says
Create Component, where is it?
Mine's already component.
Let me do this on another art board.
Okay, I have my little button here.
Select both the text and
this rectangle and
you can create a group out of this, okay?
So if you're on a Mac, its Command G,
or probably Ctrl G on a Windows,
I would assume.
So now that we've got this group,
you can double click on the label and
say primary button default.
And once you do that, you can right click,
and it says Create Component here.
So if you click Create Component,
you'll see this turns purple now.
And if we're now on the left side,
there's a toolbar that says Asset.
You can see here we've got our components.
So what that means is we can
actually drag these out.
We can create new instances of our
buttons now, and that's really great.
You're welcome to do that
with all your buttons.
But right now we just need a primary and
default state, okay?
And we're gonna use this,
we're gonna use this to create a module.